hi everyone and welcome back to my
channel I'm so excited for today's video
because I'm going to be showing you
everything that I've been kind of
collecting and buying for the
back-to-school season this is not a
supplies haul it's like just stuff
excluding supplies I will be doing a
what's in my backpack but this this is
not that this is just like in general
things that I bought for the
back-to-school season so let's jump into
it I'm so excited
I spent a lot of money but we're not
going to talk about that we're just
going to jump right in where to start
I'm just you know started out with banks
so here I have some Doc Marten boots and
these are the pest scales and they're so
cute and they're so sturdy I talked
about this in my like packing for the
beach video but I'm kind of like done
buying super cheap clothes that are
going to last me for like a year or
super cheap shoes that'll buy for 20
bucks and then they're gonna break in
five minutes and I'm just gonna bite the
bullet and buy good quality things that
will last me a long time so these are
definitely that they were pretty
expensive but I I decided to get them
because first of all they are so cute
and they'll go with everything and then
also because they're built really well
and they'll last me a long time I just
went the mall nearest me and got them
from journeys so the next like really
big thing that I got for this haul was a
new backpack I've had the same backpack
since eighth grade and so I decided to
get a new one because that one's
starting to fall apart and is getting
kind of gross so I hopped on the
bandwagon you could say and I got myself
a fjällräven kånken
and I unlike a lot of people feel very
confident in the way I'm pronouncing
that so there you go this is the sky
blue color but it is a very slate blue
and it's so pretty so I'm so excited to
be using this for the upcoming school
year I bought some jewelry from
starlight Village so this is Hanna
malucia's store I love it it's the
jewelry I'm wearing it right now it's
the light bulb and I got the set so the
earrings the ring
and the necklace I love the adjustable
back on it so you can adjust it like
fully adjust it whether you want it to
be like a choker or if you want to be a
long necklace so I was reading the
meanings behind each of the symbols so
there's like the lightning bolt the Sun
the light bulb the moon and way Eve and
I was reading those and trying to figure
out which one I felt like went along
with what I'm trying to do and and what
I you know just one that spoke to me and
so I'd read the light bulb and I'll read
it to you here because in the case it
has the meaning behind it and so it says
take your ideas and dreams and turn them
into reality don't sit in the dark act
on your ideas and shine brighter than
ever the light bulb will remind you to
spread positivity and kindness while
chasing your dreams and I'd like that
just along with you know my youtube
channel and just everything that I'm
trying to do it in my life is kind of
summed up there or like that's just like
it just related to me a lot and I love
the design it's so cute the earrings
especially so so I'm really excited to
pair these with outfits and I'm just I'm
so glad I could support Hannah I love
her so much and yeah so so proud of the
round so that is the jewelry that I got
so I went to Sephora and picked out the
zinc purifying mud mask it's supposed to
clear mattify and yeah it just looks
really cool I don't have a face mask and
I've never really like used a legit one
before I'm really excited to try it
maybe I can nurse your skin let's go see
then and I just think it's fun to do
like to do face masks so then I also got
these hair ties I did gift card and so I
got that with the gift card and that I
had like a couple of bucks left so I
just got these hair ties it's three of
those like spiral ones that are really
popular right now I'm excited to try
them they remind me of like the muscle
thing I don't know if this is really
legit but I feel like I've seen like
guys walk around the gym with like you
know on their muscles anyway I don't
really know there are three of those
that came in that pack and
to try that so the next thing I got is
makeup related this is the fortune I
shadow palette by color pop and I love
color pop they are so inexpensive for
like such good quality I definitely
recommend this I really wanted this one
because it has a lot of a lots of like
shimmery which I like to put in my inner
corners and then like maroon and burnt
orange kind of colors I would describe
this palette as like golden hour in a
palette and I really like the orange
like tones of the eyeshadows because my
eyes are green so when I wear like kind
of orange eyeshadow it really makes them
pop which I really like so that is why I
got this and I think it's just gonna be
a great asset to make myself look better
this school year I've been looking for
some good scrunchies and I went on
Amazon and found a pack of 45 for like
10 bucks and they're so pretty
does that just just not scream fall look
how pretty this one is and then they
have slate colors which is probably one
of my favorite things like they're so
cute and they're just literally can
match any outfit and they're very handy
handy dandy and they look really cute so
we're about that we are about that the
last section that we have is clothes the
first thing is this black shirt that I'm
wearing right now I got this from the
thrift store and it is like oh my mom
said it looks like a man in the 1950s
golf shirt which you know what I'm kind
of okay with the next thing I'm wearing
is this belt it is just say like old
belt it kind of smells like smoke which
is like not my favorite thing in the
world I'm you know I just do something
about that but it like the vibe of it
rustic used I don't know it's a really
cool color and it just like looks good
the last thing I'm wearing currently are
these jeans and they're from PacSun and
they're so cute I love them so much and
I'm so excited to style them and I just
need to go buy more jeans from PacSun
because they are such good quality and I
threw my new favorite jeans so they had
some holes like up near the top of the
jeans which I I wasn't about that it was
like three inches away from my underwear
and I'm like uh I don't need to be
showing skin all the way up there so I
just I got like a piece of denim that I
have laying around from another project
and I just like sewed that into it
so I can feel comfortable and like but
still like have a jeans and have like
the rift effect so that's where these
and they are so cute and I love that
this little boys hunter shirt it has
these super cute buttons in the front
which I think are so yeah you know add a
nice little little touch to the shirt so
yep just long-sleeve and it'll look so
good in the fold I got this from Target
this is like a I don't even know a burnt
orange sweater shirt that's a good
description it's so soft it's so
stretchy and I just love the color this
is like the most fall color in my
opinion and I just think it's really
cute so there we go then I have another
shirt which is like a very soft grandma
shirt
it's a holo it's like more it's not
cropped but it's like right in the
middle it's like the perfect fit because
it's not too short it's not too long and
it's so super cozy and soft and let me
tell you I'm so glad that I was able to
get the stinking vo smell out of this
because when I tried it on in the
fitting room at the thrift store I had
to hold my breath but I'm here to tell
you it now smells like laundry detergent
so we're good and did a good job so this
is from Goodwill and you got for 99
cents so can't be that the last shirt I
have is this long-sleeve it's got the
buttons going up it's really super cozy
it's a boy shirt obviously and I just
think it's super cute and I'm really
excited to wear it and style it this is
a white skirt it reminds me of like a
golf skirt but it's longer and I like
that it goes down to my knees more like
a fit and then flare kind of skirt so
yeah I really like it and I got her
story so it's a way it's a win-win-win
less clothing item I got was this orange
skirt and I really like this this is a
really cool statement piece and again it
goes down to my knee
and I've been buying a lot of skirts
lately just because I think it adds so
much more to an outfit than like regular
jeans and because I'm still like trying
to build my closet to have like good
pieces I think skirts are a good option
and you know cut a corner Church and you
know you get sick and tired of wearing
the exact same thing every single week
so that is great that I now have a new
skirt the last thing the very last thing
I'm going to be showing you I've
actually had for like almost the entire
summer and it's the Starbucks reusable
cups I'm not getting a water bottle like
a new water bottle because of this this
is like my perfect water bottle it's I
used to like go to God to eat and then
when they gave you the plastic one like
the plastic version of this I would just
keep that and reuse it because I loved
like the format of the cup and so having
one that's like wash roll that's
actually reusable I'm really excited and
I just wanted to let you know this is a
great option there are three dollars at
Starbucks so if you want to pick one of
these up for your new school water
bottle I definitely recommend I love it
so much so guys that is the end of this
hall I really hope you enjoyed it I'm so
excited about all this new stuff that I
was able to get I'm so grateful thank
you to people who gave me gift cards for
my birthday because I definitely use
those to get some of these things if you
guys want to see what I put in this
backpack for my senior year of high
school then make sure you subscribe down
below and turn the post notifications on
I will be doing a what's in my backpack
and I'm really excited because this is
so cute it's so cute this is probably
like my favorite color of blue it's so
beautiful and I love it so much so yeah
make sure you subscribe I love you guys
so much thank you for watching I hope
you enjoyed alright guys I will see you
next week bye baby Miyabi underneath the
farm
[Music]